Welcome back.
So the second solution to protect your application against a serial injection is to use the repair function
of the MRI.
Is Q ill.
I object.
So here I have a sample card.
It's only me.
Copy this code and use it in my application.
So here let me first base it.
And of course we need to change many, many things.
I'm going to first base it here and then instead of using my instead of using new video, I'm going
to remove this.
Instead, I'm going to be using the my skill.
I object.
I'm going to here base this here.
And then the first parameter is is the host, which is localhost.
The second parameter is the second parameter is the username.
So the username is root.
The third parameter is the password.
So the password is nothing in my application.
The fourth parameter is the database name.
So the database name is BHP Project, BHP underscore project.
And here I have a problem.
Let me try this one more time.
Why?
You and then my askew ill I.
And here, let me type this one more time.
This in our case I'm using since I'm using just this application for testing, my database username
is root and the password is nothing.
But of course in real applications you need to set a password and have a different username.
Next, what we need to do is that we need to get the user I.D., we got the user I.D. we don't have
a city.
So here.
And instead of saying.
Here.
I need to repeat this.
My skill I have been.
I'm going to call the repair.
Prepare.
And then prepare and then select.
What do we want to select?
We want to select all I'm going to say select.
All from.
Users where user name user ID user underscore ID is equal to question mark.
So we add the question mark.
This question mark is going to work as a holder and then we use here statement and then bind param and
then s or I.
S stands for string.
I stands for integer.
So since we are passing a user ID, which is an integer, we need to say I.
And then the second parameter is the user ID.
So here I'm going to say.
User.
Heidi.
So this year.
This user I.D..
User I.D..
Will be passed by the user.
However, we as developers are using the bind param which is going to take care of that user only and
is going to replace it.
Replace that question mark with with this user ID.
So the byte RAM is going to take this user idea and add it here instead of instead of this question
mark.
And it's going to make sure that issue injection is not going to take place.
And then here we need to say excuse to execute the query and then we need to say bind param to to bind
bind result to bind the resulting in a variable.
You can say result, for example, result instead of.
This and then fetch and then print.
And you can see.
You can see results and then results.
Because we have only one.
Results.
However, since we are getting all here, we are getting all we are querying everything from the database.
We cannot get a specific result.
So we have two solutions we have.
We can get this specific thing.
For example, select, let's say select email, user email, user email.
If we say select user email, this is going to work.
The result is going to be a user email.
And since we have only one now parameter, we need to say here result only result and then s only one.
S because we have only one result.
Let me save and let's save then over to the browser to test.
So I'm going to refresh my application and then I'm going to click on Find.
And as you can see, I'm going to get student here, student email.
So this is in case you want to get a specific parameter, specific result, for example, the user email.
But if you want to get everything, you cannot use the here to bind param unless you have a specific
number of fields you want to get.
So instead of using the bind result, I'm going to remove the bind result and instead I'm going to use
the get result function.
I'm going to say is the empty and then get underscore result and then I'm going to store this in a variable
called result.
The result is going to be equal to statement, gift result.
And finally, we need instead of using the print, I'm going to use a while loop.
I'm going to say while.
Raul is equal to Fitch.
A source.
Why is google fetch?
Actually I should say result which.
Result.
Fetch a sauce and then we can.
You say raw.
And then we can echo, for example, the user email and then.
Raw.
And then username.
Use it under scrutiny.
At the beginning of the beginning, we need to say echo.
Let me now save and let's head on over to the browser to test.
So the browser.
I'm going to refresh.
And as you can see, I got this error, a non numeric value encountered.
And the problem is is that I have a syntax error here I should say double course and then here hyphen
and then dot here and that here.
Here's some space and here's some space.
This should fix the problem now in the browser.
Let me refresh and as you can see, I'm going to get the name and the email, let me say five and then
I'm going to click on find and then I'm going to get the name of the email.
Let's now try to inject some excuse.
I'm going to say four and then or one is equal to one and see what's going to happen.
So if you click on find, as you can see, I'm not I'm only going to get the user idea and injection
isn't going to take place.
And also if I try for example one and then the drop table users.
Alimi click on find.
This now.
Shouldn't delete the database.
Shouldn't delete the table.
Refresh my my database and check whether the table has been reset or not.
So the table the table is still there.
So that table has not been deleted, which means that SKU injection hasn't taken place, which is amazing.
And now our application is protected.
And again, you need to and again, hackers around the world always come up with new ideas and new techniques,
and you need to be up to date.
Otherwise, it will be your your application will be vulnerable honourable to these attacks.